The loading attribute on an img element can be set to lazy to tell the browser not to fetch the image resource until it is needed (as in, when the user scrolls the image into view). As an additional benefit, lazy loaded elements will not load until the non-lazy elements are loaded - this means users with slow internet connections can view the content of your page without having to wait for the images to load.

The Referer HTTP header contains information about the address or URL of a page that a user might be visiting from. This information can be used in analytics to track how many users from your page visit freecodecamp.org

rel="norefferer"

CSS Grid offers a two-dimensional grid-based layout, allowing you to center items horizontally and vertically while still retaining control to do things like overlap elements.

display: grid;
  grid-template-columns: 1fr 94rem 1fr;

row-gap: ...; add space between rows in grid layout

One option is the grid-column property, which is shorthand for grid-column-start and grid-column-end. The grid-column property tells the grid item which grid line to start and end at.

Create a .heading rule and set the grid-column property to 2 / 3. This will tell the .heading element to start at grid line 2 and end at grid line 3.

grid-column: ... / ...;

Remember that the grid-column property determines which columns an element starts and ends at. There may be times where you are unsure of how many columns your grid will have, but you want an element to stop at the last column. To do this, you can use -1 for the end column.

The object-fit property tells the browser how to position the element within its container. In this case, cover will set the image to fill the container, cropping as needed to avoid changing the aspect ratio.

object-fit: cover;


If you wanted to add more social icons, but keep them on the same row, you would need to update grid-template-columns to create additional columns. As an alternative, you can use the grid-auto-flow property.

grid-auto-flow: column/row;

This property takes either row or column as the first value, with an optional second value of dense. grid-auto-flow uses an auto-placement algorithm to adjust the grid layout. Setting it to column will tell the algorithm to create new columns for content as needed. The dense value allows the algorithm to backtrack and fill holes in the grid with smaller items, which can result in items appearing out of order.

letter-spacing: px;
column-width: ...;
text-align: justify;

::first-letter

	float: left;